# Contribution Guide

First of all, thanks for improving the IndexPool ecossystem! 🚀👨🏻‍🚀👩🏻‍🚀

All contributions, including feature suggestions, bug reports and PRs with new bridges are much appreciated.

## **Bug reports and suggestions**

Bug reports and suggestions for new integrations can be posted in GitHub’s issue tracker. You can also ping us on Twitter or Discord.

**If you find a security vulnerability, please do not open an issue or publicize it**; please send a private email to [hi@defibasket.org](mailto:hi@defibasket.org) or to any members of team.

## **New bridges**

For contributing with a new bridge please fork our repository and open a PR following the guidelines below.

### Development environment

We use Yarn as a dependency manager and Hardhat as a development environment for compiling, testing, and deploying our contracts. For these, the following commands are available:

- **Install**: `yarn`
- **Compile:** `yarn compile`
- **Testing:** `yarn test`
- **Coverage:** `yarn coverage`

### PR guidelines

Before opening a PR to our repository, please make sure that the recommendations below are followed.

- [ ]  Work from the  `dev` branch so we can review and audit the code with more ease before merging to the `main` branch.
- [ ]  The `Wallet` contracts always use `delegatecall` for calling the Bridge's functions. Because of this, a in-depth review for [backdoors](https://underhanded.soliditylang.org/) and best security practices should be done for avoiding calls to ill-behaved and malicious contracts.
  - [ ]  Please run Slither in your code and address all relevant warnings. In case it is a false positive, please justify it with a comment in the corresponding line.
  - [ ]  Coverage of tests should be 100%.
- [ ]  Make sure that rewards are deposited in the corresponding Wallet rather than the EOA/contract owning the wallet.
  - Do not forget that functions in the Bridges will be executed by a delegate call from the Wallet: most of the time you will want to use `address(this)` instead of `msg.sender` in order to use the address of the calling Wallet rather than using the bridge address.
- [ ]  Check if functions of 3rd-party contracts revert before emitting an event in the bridge.
  - In case it does not revert, please add a check to see if the operation was successful.
- [ ]  Do not forget to add an option to claim rewards from the protocol - which should be called when withdrawing assets from the Wallet.
  - **Example**: see function [claimRewards](https://github.com/defibasket/defibasket-contracts/blob/b95158cdfe746f997632bd2ac67e92a8f01b0eec/contracts/bridges/Harvest/HarvestDepositBridge.sol#L112) to claim rewards from [Harvest](https://harvest.finance/).
- [ ]  Use underscores in numbers to make them easier to read, e.g. “100_000”
- [ ]  In case of a swapping-token bridge, please make sure to expose the relevant arguments in the external functions so the slippage can be user-defined.
- [ ]  Bridges are going to be deployed only once by DeFi Basket, so prioritize reducing gas costs at execution rather than deployment.
- [ ]  Make sure that ERC20 approvals always get back to 0 after transferences are complete.

### Tips

- Test the `for`-loops in your code to avoid [out-of-gas](https://www.nevillegrech.com/assets/pdf/madmax-oopsla18.pdf) behavior.
- Consider using [unchecked increments](https://gist.github.com/hrkrshnn/ee8fabd532058307229d65dcd5836ddc#the-increment-in-for-loop-post-condition-can-be-made-unchecked) in `for`-loops that you know the iterator won’t overflow.
- Take care when integrating with proxy contracts, and only allow safe functions to be called in the bridge. Note that an unsafe double `delegatecall` can [set up the address of the proxy contract implementation to a malicious contract](https://cmichel.io/replaying-ethereum-hacks-furucombo/).
- In case your bridge integrates with contracts compiled with a different version of Solidity, use an interface with a proper pragma version.
  - **Example**: see AaveV2DepositBridge/interfaces/[IAaveIncentivesController.sol](https://github.com/defibasket/defibasket-contracts/blob/main/contracts/bridges/trusted/AaveV2DepositBridge/interfaces/IAaveIncentivesController.sol)
  - **Note**: public arrays generates a getter function that returns a single element instead of the entire array:

        ```solidity
        contract Example {
         address[] public rewardTokens;
        }
        
        interface IExample {
          // Getter function that will be generated by compiler:
         function rewardTokens(uint i) external returns (address);
          // Note that is NOT
          // function rewardTokens() external returns (address[] memory);
        }
        ```
